Mom
After all these years, I have the ability to run the company or not.
Did you see this?
Oh, yeah.
This time, it wasn't because Ouyan offended people.
You are useless
It's Yanyan's fault
Don't you see?
Since you took the New Year quickly
Our family was defeated like a mountain
You God of Wealth sent away
I don't know.
Oh, mom, don't get excited.
Hey, this body is important
I know it's all our fault.
But what?
There's really nothing we can do now.
Otherwise, we will be juniors.
I won't use you.
That little thing in the old man's hand?
That's 10,000 steps back.
If the company goes out of business
How many shares do you have in my hands?
You are really worthless
Solve your own business
I won't help you.
Mom, if you really don't want to help us
Then the company is really doomed
You deserve it.
I don't usually see you come to see me
Now that I need help, I think of my mother
Get out of here
Mom, don't take it out now
Are you trying to give that dead girl euros?
I can leave my stuff to whoever I want.
It's not your turn to worry
Get out! Get out
Don't be angry, don't be angry.
Go out and don't come again
I don't want to wait any longer.